# prince-frog
Android App for Personalized Dating Pattern Analysis

# Project Concept
     This mobile application called “Frog Prince” helps the target users (“young women”) understand themselves better by providing simple, fun, and useful analysis on the experienced personalities of her past love interests, which provides her with useful tips for the future, based on the collective lessons learned from her own experience in dating.

# What is the benefit?
     Young people often do not have much knowledge or experience of love relationship with partner(s). Their focus of relationship would rather have been mostly in “friendship”. However, being a friend is very different experience from being in love relationship with someone. Every individual human being must go through the “trial and error” in dating to be able to eventually realize about oneself (by the reflection in the mirror of the other person) and to realize what is the right quality of the other person that makes oneself feel good, understood, not lonely, or somewhat completed.
     There are so many dating apps (e.g. TINDER, MATCHES, ZOOSK, POF, EHARMONY etc.) to help people find compatibilities and meet. But often we find people see themselves so subjectively and their description about themselves is very different from the reality (for example, you think you are funny and conservative, but you are not seen the same way in other people’s eyes.) or the application algorithm does not find the right person for you etc. This brings us back to the argument that “personality and dating experience” is a very subjective matter, not an objective one, because we are human beings constantly interacting with each other in a different way in a different circumstances, not a robot which acts the same way all the time. Thus, we must go case-by-case cases when it comes to the experience of dealing with personality of another human being.
     Thus, to finally know yourself better and to sort out (i.e. extract the current conclusion of) the basic list of the best qualities that could support your own, you need to hold onto the thoughts and memory of your dating experience or interactions with every other individual, as well as the conclusion (the statements of the lessons learned etc.) Imagine how hard it would be to keep track of and remember all the feelings and thoughts that you ever encountered while the “trial and errors”? This is the reason why people say “Oops, I did it again”. People tend to forget the “then-determination” once time passes.
